Isn't that Mr. Ye's bodyguard?
How can you hold on to it?
Could it be that
Mr. Ye still doesn't know that Nian Nian is his biological daughter
Hey, let me go
Lin Nian Nian, did you break my brake pads?
He also pretended to be Xue Yang and sent me a message.
Miss, what are you talking about?
I don't understand
How dare you argue
Who else but you?
Miss, I was wronged in the morning, good night, install a camera
Now say I broke the brakes
I don't know where I offended the eldest lady
This is targeting me everywhere
you
xueqing
You're not ready to go public yet. Leave the investigation of the murderer to me
Do you rest in peace?
Come out with me
Lin Nian Nian Xueqin is used to being called by me
He has some prejudice against you.
Did you ever resent him in your heart?
Not really. No, actually.
Madam, the eldest lady allowed me to work as a servant in the Luo family
Give me shelter from the wind and rain
I thank the eldest lady, it's too late, isn't it?
Then why before you came to our house
These accidents have never happened
Mr. Ye's inspection report is out
The eldest lady leaves